---
id: 2024-10-02
created_date: 2024-10-02
updated_date: 2024-10-02
type: note
tags:
  - "#cpts327"
---

# 2024-10-02

## CPTS 327

### Cross Site Request Forgery

Mimicking a popular site to steal information.

### Cross Site Request Forgery Protections

- CSRF Token
	- Add a random token to each request.
	- The server injects the CSRF token into the  user's session.
	- Server checks for the CSRF token before responding.

- HTTP Headers
	- Reference header; obsolete due to automated spoofing.

### HTTPS Problems

HTTPS uses TLS to encrypt HTTP communication. TLS often uses symmetric key encryption so issues with symmetric key encryption are issues with TLS. Converting HTTP to HTTPS is not easy, HTTP pages are often redirected to HTTPS enabling a MiTM attack. HTTPS pages refer to other pages that are HTTP so the browser could send encrypted data.

### Solutions for HTTPS Problems

Ensure HTTPS pages don't refer to HTTP. Don't redirect HTTP to HTTPS, instead remove HTTP pages and create a forwarding address. For TLS we can renew a certificate in a timely fashion

### Web Privacy

HTTP/S is by default stateless. It is transformed into a stateful system with caches, cookies, and tokens. 

#### Cookies

A temporary structure to store web data items. Good for authentication, bad for privacy. They important information such as login information and can be modified by the end user. Allows users to not have to login every time they visit a site, time on the site, and a summary of your activities.

Cookies can also store telemetry information 